I was born in Dalby, Queensland.
I’m the youngest of five children,
and my mother and father
owned their own piggery.
So we lived on a little farm
about ten minutes out of town.
When I was eight years old,
my parents separated,
which came as a huge shock to me.
It was devastating, and the consequences
just seemed to roll on for decades.
I would go and stay at the farm
with my father for school holidays,
but my dad abused alcohol
and smoked cigarettes
and used bad language.
So by the time I was a teenager,
I was doing exactly the same thing.
In my late teens,
I was smoking marijuana every day
and I was spending up to four nights a week
at pubs and clubs and parties.
I was addicted to alcohol,
cigarettes, marijuana,
and pornography, and I had no power to stop.
Obviously, it was only a matter of time
before that lifestyle affected my health.
I lost my social skills,
and I became depressed.
The turning point in my life
came one afternoon when two
of Jehovah’s Witnesses knocked on my door.
Because of feeling so lost and so unhappy,
I had started to search
for answers and I’d begun looking
at New Age teachings.
The timing felt too remarkable
to be just coincidence.
I really felt like God
wanted me to take the book.
I never looked at New Age teachings again.
I started to read
the Greatest Man  book instead.
A major key for me
to be able to make the necessary changes
was to cut off bad association.
I was baptized in March 1994.
When I finally took that step,
I felt like I’d started on the right path.
I was so grateful that Jehovah
had found me and that he’d drawn me.
I really fell in love
with the thoughts of Psalm 8:1, 3, 4:
“O Jehovah . . . ,
“when I see your heavens,
“the works of your fingers,
“the moon and the stars
that you have prepared,
“what is mortal man
that you keep him in mind,
and the son of earthling man
that you take care of him?”
I felt so insignificant,
and yet Jehovah knew me.
The hope of everlasting life
also really touched my heart,
and so did Jehovah’s forgiveness.
I felt so grateful
that Jehovah could forgive me
for all of my wrongdoing
and that I could have a fresh start.
When we were invited to start circuit work,
I had serious doubts about my inadequacies.
I was not fast at preparing talks.
For me, it always felt like trying to fit
a square peg into a round hole.
But the very morning
after receiving our assignment
to go in the circuit work full-time,
my Bible reading was Exodus chapters 3 and 4,
where Moses cited his inadequacies to Jehovah
—that he was not a fluent speaker.
Well, of course, Jehovah asked him,
‘Who is it that assigns a mouth?’
It was like Jehovah was saying to me:
‘Don’t worry. I will help you.’
To make the changes that I did in life,
I’m just so grateful to Jehovah.
Before I learned the truth, I was lost.
I didn’t know who I was.
I was just a mess.
I wanted to be a man,
but I didn’t really ever know how to do it.
Jehovah has rebuilt me from the ground up.
Jehovah has given me everything.